About this dataset
Age : Age of the patient

Sex : Sex of the patient

exang: exercise induced angina (1 = yes; 0 = no)

ca: number of major vessels (0-3)

cp : Chest Pain type chest pain type

Value 1: typical angina
Value 2: atypical angina
Value 3: non-anginal pain
Value 4: asymptomatic
trtbps : resting blood pressure (in mm Hg)

chol : cholestoral in mg/dl fetched via BMI sensor

fbs : (fasting blood sugar > 120 mg/dl) (1 = true; 0 = false)

rest_ecg : resting electrocardiographic results

Value 0: normal
Value 1: having ST-T wave abnormality (T wave inversions and/or ST elevation or depression of > 0.05 mV)
Value 2: showing probable or definite left ventricular hypertrophy by Estes' criteria
thalach : maximum heart rate achieved

target : 0= less chance of heart attack 1= more chance of heart attack





4.1 Conclusions from the EDA
There are no NaN values in the data.
There are certain outliers in all the continuous features.
The data consists of more than twice the number of people with sex = 1 than sex = 0.
There is no apparent linear correlation between continuous variable according to the heatmap.
The scatterplot heatmap matrix suggests that there might be some correlation between output and cp, thalachh and slp.
It is intuitive that elder people might have higher chances of heart attack but according to the distribution plot of age wrt output, it is evident that this isn't the case.
According to the distribution plot of thalachh wrt output, people with higher maximum heart rate achieved have higher chances of heart attack.
According to the distribution plot of oldpeak wrt output, people with lower pevious peak achieved have higher chances of heart attack.
The plot 3.2.4 tells about the following -
People with Non-Anginal chest pain, that is with cp = 2 have higher chances of heart attack.
People with 0 major vessels, that is with caa = 0 have high chance of heart attack.
People with sex = 1 have higher chance of heart attack.
People with thall = 2 have much higher chance of heart attack.
People with no exercise induced angina, that is with exng = 0 have higher chance of heart attack.